---
title: 英文信件写法指南
date: 2018-09-05
categories:
- 大千杂谈
tags:
- 自我提升
---

因为最近在准备和海外教授套磁，来往英文信件自然无法避免，现把一些常用的语句汇总至此，方便日后查阅。

# 邮件的开头

## 感谢对方

1. Thank you for contacting us.

2. Thank you for your prompt reply. 

3. Thank you for getting back to me.

4. Thank you for providing the requested information.

5. Thank you for all your assistance.

6. I truly appreciate ... your help in resolving the problem.

7. Thanks for your mail of March 1.

## 为回复邮件延误道歉

1. Please excuse my late reply to your very friendly letter of March 1.

2. I hope you will excuse me for not having replied to you until today. 

3. I have to (must) apologize you for not answering your letter in time.

# 邮件的正文

## 通知与讨论

1. I am writing to confirm/inform you..

2. I am writing to follow up on our earlier decision on ... 

3. In my previous e-mail on October 5...

5. As I mentioned earlier about...

6. As indicated in my previous e-mail...

7. As we discussed on the phone...

8. I received your voice message regarding the subject. I’m wondering if you can elaborate/provide more details.

9. I’m just writing to remind you of...

10. I would like to hold a meeting this afternoon about our development planning for project A. 

## 待办事项

1. Today we would like to finish following tasks by the end of day:1…….2……. 

2. Some known issues in this release:1…….2……. 

3. Our team here reviewed the newest SCM policy and has following concerns:1…….2……. 

4. Here are some more questions/issues for your team:1…….2……. 

5. The current status is as following: 1……2…… 

6. Some items need your attention:1…….2……. 

## 咨询意见与反馈

1. Could you please let me know the status of my application?

2. Please let me know if there’s anything I can do to help. 

3. If there’s anything else I can do for you on/regarding this matter, please feel free to contact me at any time.

4. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me.

5. Feel free to give your comments. 

## 给出意见与反馈

1. Please see comments below. 

2. My answers are in blue below. 

3. I have added some comments to the document for your reference. 

## 为造成的不便表示歉意

1. We tender you our apology for the inconvenience this error may have caused you. 

2. We greatly regret that we have caused you such an inconvenience. 

## 添加附件

1. I enclose the evaluation report for your reference.

2. Attachment is the design document, please review. 

3. Attached please find today's meeting notes.

4. For other known issues related to individual features, please see attached release notes. 

# 邮件的结尾

## 希望得到回复

1. We hope to receive your favors at early date. 

2. We hope to be favored with a reply with the least delay. 

3. Kindly reply at your earliest convenience. 

4. Please send your reply by the earliest delivery. 

5. A prompt reply would help us greatly.

6. Your prompt reply would be greatly appreciated. 

## 再次致谢
　
1. Thank you for your kind cooperation.

2. Thank you for your attention to this matter.

3. Thank you for your understanding.

4. Thank you for your consideration.

5. Thank you again for everything you've done for me.

6. Thanks for your attention!

7. Really appreciate your help! 

8. I really appreciate the effort you all made for this sudden and tight project. 

# 常用缩写

AAMOF
as a matter of fact

AFAIK
as far as I know

AKA
also know as 

ASAP
as soon as possible

BBL
be back later

BITMT
but in the meantime

BOT
back on topic

BRB
be right back

CWOT
complete waste of time

EOD
end of discussion

EOT
end of transmission

FAI
frequently argued issue

FYI
for your information