---
title: 跟老友记学英语
date: 2019-03-02
categories:
- 大千杂谈
tags:
- 自我提升

---

# S1E15

cider; eclectic; aptitude; cuddle; caress; tremble; motif   

---

you are looking lovely today.

Ellen, could you come in here for a moment?

# S1E16

Ice Capades 

---

three days in a row 接连三天

isn't that gonna be weird?

you don't dip your pen in the company ink. Ross告诫Chandler不要对公司女员工下手

before you do anything Joey-like... 

Do you think it will be OK if I ask out your sister?

we should both know what's going on.

the reason that I called you in here today is...

# S1E17

sprain; wuss	

---

I'm so not ready to be a father.

# S1E18

playing poker:

A: Ace; J: Jack; Q: Queen; K: King

♦: club; ♥: heart; ♠: spade; ♣: diamond

大王: the red joker; 小王: the black joker

黑桃八: the eight of spades; 红桃二: the two of hearts; 梅花K: the king of diamonds; 方块A: the ace of clubs

对子: one pair; 顺子: straight; 同花顺: straight flush; 花牌: face cards/court cards

High stakes. Big bucks! 高赌注，大笔钱.

bluff; chitchat

kind of stepped on my point there, Mon.

your fly is open.

I see you and I will raise you 20 dollars.

OK, you got me.

# S1E19

embargo; vintage; oblivious

someone who is like your best friend but also can make your toes curl.

# S1E20

dangle; snub; floss; smock


# S1E21

brunt; 

# S1E22

icky; 

# S1E23

chunky; knapsack; pastry

what is the deal with you and doctors?

are you currently involved with someone?

# S1E24

itinerary; 

I'm gonna be gone for, like, a week.

she's out having drinks with Carl.

that book got me through some tough times.

# S2E01

In the airport:

baggage claim; boarding pass; departure lounge; airline coach service; 

---

cramp; slowpokes; poop; scum

She's gonna go for it with Ross.

Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. 

I just give away the ending. 用于剧透XD

how did this happen? 

What the hell happen to you in China?

When you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello.

I never felt about anyone in the way Ross felt about you.

Joey's tailor took advantage of me. 占便宜

That's how they do pants! 

First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, then they do the rear.

It's the stupid thing that I did. If I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't.

you are way too good to be with a guy like that.

Hey, Anabel Listen, I was wondering if after work, we could grab a cup of coffee. 

# S2E03

scoff; grievance; dork; gum

# S2E04

nubbin; flick; virility; sassy; 

---

If I am going down, I will take everybody with me. 互爆黑历史XD

# S2E05

horny;

whoever stood you up is a jerk.

we don't have as much as money like you.

# S2E06

nut;

you are gonna love this.

# S2E07

sanity; smack; rack; 

How'd it go with Scott last night?

this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce. 

if you really wanna know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.  

I've sort of feeling for you.

# S2E08

pros and cons:

ditzy; spoiled; a little too into her looks; chubby; whiny; obsessive; insecure; gutless; 

How did you make out last night? make out=kiss passionately.

# S2E09

you took a big step today.

# S2E10 Russ and Ross

amnesia; curator; apron

you were so amazing as the king. I'm really impressed. I was.

what time do you get off? we're all gonna do something tonight.

have you ever seen me ecstatic?

hey listen, there's something I wanna talk to you about.

I kind of got the feeling that she was sort of coming on to me.

# S2E11 the lesbian wedding

dice; futile

I know you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you.

don't be too emphatic about this.

# S2E12 Joey's stalker

raisin; nocturnal

have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?

it's not a great saying but it certainly fitting today. 

she's total a wack job.

does she not deserve love?

he's the one who wants to boff the maniac.

I don't really enjoy being with other men in that way.

do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?

you deserve much better than me.

# S2E13 Chandler in the panties

pimp

what is the worst that could happen?

you blow me off for a monkey?

# S2E14 the bracelet buds and old videotapes

prom; septum

I got something for you.

Rachel is not here right now, can I take a message?

I'm tired of being clobbered.

# S2E15 couch potatoes

you're totally into each other.

for your information, he is the brightest, most sophisticated, sexist man I've ever been with.

# S2E16 having tattoos and Joey is moving out

suffrage; twinkie; 

why doesn't he give Monica a call?

I'm sorry about what I...

I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.

# S2E17 smelly cats video and Chandler's new roommate

you're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.

# S2E18 one condom for two men and Chandler's freak roommate

emerald; grotesque; jammies; shaft; ballpark; romp; sack; dustpan; insole; mildew

are we not getting along with the new boy?

don't you have a lot of wild oats to sow? 

# S2E19 be your own wind keeper and Joey's moving back

how do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow? (hahaha....)

# S2E20 Ben's first words

did u ditch him?

he must like you the best

# S2E21 bullies in the coffee house

stilts

he told on us?

the guy who's about to kick your ass talk about that

here's the deal, you won't have to fight with us so long as you never ever show your faces here ever again.

do we not make ourselves clear the other day?

# S2E22 Rachel's birthday party

shush

this is the best party I've been to in years.

# S2E23 chicken pox

taffy; dork; hideous; barnacle; slack

# S2E24 Barry's wedding

nauseous;

because he is just so darn good? 

over my dead body = impossible

# S3E01 gold bikini

syrup;